                             Spark SQL Use Case – Hospital Charges Data Analysis

Dataset Description
----------------------
DRG Definition: The code and description identifying the MS-DRG. MS-DRGs are a classification system that groups similar clinical 
conditions (diagnoses) and procedures furnished by the hospital during their stay.

Provider Id: The CMS Certification Number (CCN) assigned to the Medicare-certified hospital facility.

Provider Name: The name of the provider.

Provider Street Address: The provider’s street address.

Provider City: The city where the provider is located.

Provider State: The state where the provider is located.

Provider Zip Code: The provider’s zip code.

Provider HRR: The Hospital Referral Region (HRR) where the provider is located.

Total Discharges: The number of discharges billed by the provider for inpatient hospital services.

Average Covered Charges: The provider’s average charge for services covered by Medicare for all discharges in 
the MS-DRG. These will vary from hospital to hospital because of the differences in hospital charge structures.

Average Total Payments: The average total payments to all providers for the MS-DRG including the MSDRG amount, teaching, 
disproportionate share, capital, and outlier payments for all cases. Also included in the average total payments are co-payment 
and deductible amounts that the patient is responsible for and any additional payments by third parties for coordination of benefits.

Average Medicare Payments: The average amount that Medicare pays to the provider for Medicare’s share of the MS-DRG. 
Average Medicare payment amounts include the MS-DRG amount, teaching, disproportionate share, capital, and outlier payments for all cases. Medicare payments DO NOT include beneficiary co-payments and deductible amounts nor any additional payments 
from third parties for coordination of benefits.


Problem Statement 1: Find the amount of Average Covered Charges per state.
Problem Statement 2: Find the amount of Average Total Payments charges per state.
Problem Statement 3: Find the amount of Average Medicare Payments charges per state.
Problem Statement 4: Find out the total number of Discharges per state and for each disease.
Note: With Spark SQL, sorting of these records is also very easy. We can use either sort or orderBy functions to sort the output. 
By default, these functions sort the output in an ascending order, we can also modify it by passing the function desc into the sort or orderBy functions.
